Thank you.
Okay, perfect.
I'm sorry we need the microphone.
Okay, so now we're going to have a wrap up from the
repertoire on the inside inputs that we got.
Thank you very much, everybody.
But let's take around five minutes.
Only five minutes, and then you can go.
That's all right.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
All yours.
I'll do a gesture thingy.
Hello.
Okay.
So for the few of you that might still have forgotten about what we
heard about in the last two hours,
I'll just do a quick wrap up.
But first of all, thank you all for putting forward so many questions.
We're very happy to see that many people be interested by public sector and
public sector.
And having so much interest in what our speakers presented,
I think maybe it's all right.
I think maybe some of the most interesting comments were first on
the presentation of Issa before that related to clearly the
question of the implementation of this act.
And then we'll have to go back to the first question.
Clearly the question of the implementation of this act and how to
be part of this question of the interprobability assessment.
Now it was also made quite clear that this legislation is not an OS law
and that there were many pushbacks again having this made as an OS law
instead of having it just as an interprobability Europe act.
A lot of you also raised question of the open documents,
of the open format and how this will be integrated into this regulation.
I think that's what's very nice to hear.
And on the question of standardization there as well,
it's been quite clear that the board would be one of the main actors in the
implementation of those.
As for the second presentation and the question of the OS,
the question of the OS strategy,
you raised question about the inner source, how to move away from inner source.
I think it was also quite clear that it was the first step and that it was really helpful for you.
And on the question of incentivizing or having mandatory
use of open source and what was the strategy used which was clearly
trying to understand how open source works, why people adopted and trying to avoid having
counter effect by making it too mandatory or strong.
Yeah, and maybe just to finish, I think one last one.
Oh, yeah, thank you.
One last one was really interesting also on the question of the EIDES.
Thank you for bringing that up and other regulation like this.
So we talked about very specific policy papers or regulations today,
but there's a lot of regulation at the U-Level that are constant by open source.
And I think it was really interesting to learn about how actually it can be shaped up by this reference implementation and so on.
So, yeah, thank you all.
I will finish to write a better report about that later on.
And good luck to those who stay.
We will start, I think, in a few minutes.
So, yeah, thank you.
Thank you.